1) Calculate:
  1) STRUCTURE_WIDTH
  2) Height of the shortest column.
2) Discard the part of the structure below the height of the shortest column.
3) Do your computations (platform generation, XML generation for the part below
the top platform, etc.) for lower part of the structure.
4) Do the XML generation for the upper part of the structure as if the ground
starts from the top platform.

The concept of AUXILIARY_BLOCK changes. Now, we will:
1) Build the structure using OpenMosaic, just like how we did before.
2) Detect the TOP_PLATFORM height.
3) Fill the below of the TOP_PLATFORM with AUXILIARY_BLOCKs and insert
platforms, gaps and pigs there.
This way, the part of above the structure and the part below will have different
types of blocks.

One of the reasons for the instability of the platforms is the following: When
we add a platform, the platform's ceiling has the rectangle tile, instead of
the square tile. Rectangle tile and square tile have different heights.
Hence, after the rectangle tile, an inequality between the height of the
square platform and adjacent columns starts. That is, after a platform, the
height of Nth tile in a column containing a platform and the height of Nth
tile in a column that does not contain a platform are not equal (that is, Nth
tiles in different columns are not at the same height). If another platform has
both such columns within its range, then that platform won't be parallel to
ground. This is one of the reasons for platform instability.

Blocks are inserted from their centroids, not from their bottom-left points.
Hence, you must do your calculations w.r.t this.

Each platform will be 5x5. The top 5th will be the horizontal rectangle, the
borders will be small squares and the center will be empty.

You can represent the platforms as a single point, which will be, say, the
top-left point of the platform rectangle. There will be a list of points (where
these points represent the platform rectangles) and for each new point, the
algorithm will be as follows:

1. For every point in the list (that is, for every rectangle platform starting
point), the difference between the new point's X coordinate and the respective
point's X coordinate should be greater than the width of the rectangle. If not,
the difference between the new point's Y coordinate and the respective
point's Y coordinate should be greater than the height of the rectangle. If
neither of the conditions are satisfied for even one point in the list, than
that platform cannot be added because that would mean that platform is
intersecting with at least one other platform.

2. We also need to make sure that the platform is within the boundaries of the
structure. That is, we need to make sure that the platform:
  a. Does not go into the ground.
  b. Does not overflow from the right.
